pkgs/README.md: require to specify the purpose of the patch (#416157)
NixOS/nixpkgs: pkgs/README.md

>
> See [Versioning](#versioning) for details on package versioning.

> No matter which method you take to include the patch, you _must_ state the purpose of the patch clearly, either by adding a comment above it, or by setting the filename of the patch.
> A good explanation _should_ state what the fix addresses and, if not self-explanatory, how it resolves the issue. For example, "fix gcc14 build by adding missing includes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless on how the patch is include, you MUST state clearly the purpose of the patch. This is for other maintainers to be able to determine for example when a patch may be dropped. This could either be achieved with a comment or with an appropriate filename/`name`. A good explanation SHOULD state _what_ the patch fixes and, if not already self-explanatory, and _how_ it resolves the issue. For example: _"add missing include, fix gcc14 build"_.
```

Reviewer: > `state clearly` -> `clearly state` in your suggestion?

Preference, not a blocker /shrug

Reviewer 2: I don't have strong opinions, but I'll try to detail my thoughts.

If asked, I would phrase the above suggestions something like this:

```suggestion
Regardless of how the patch is included, you MUST ensure its purpose is clear and obvious. This enables other maintainers to more easily determine when old patches are no longer required. Typically, you can improve clarity with carefully considered filenames, attribute names, and/or comments; these should explain the patch's _intention_. Sometimes it may be helpful to mention _how_ it resolves the issue. For example: _"fix gcc14 build by adding missing include"_.
```

That said, while I am a native English speaker, we're definitely getting into the realm of subjective nit-picking here :slightly_smiling_face: 

"the patch's intention" and "what the patch fixes" are fairly interchangeable. The former is slightly more precise; maybe a patch isn't _fixing_ something per-se but making some other improvement? Unlikely, but possible. The latter is slightly simpler, maybe it gets the point across better?

---

Also:

"Regardless on how the patch is included" and "No matter which method you take to include the patch" both read as if they are continuing on from a paragraph discussing various methods for including a patch in a derivation, but I don't see that context in the README.

Immediately before is an admonishment about versioning, then before that (the only other paragraph in this section) reads:

> Sometimes, changes are needed to the source to allow building a derivation in nixpkgs, or to get earlier access to an upstream fix or improvement.
> When using the `patches` parameter to `mkDerivation`, make sure the patch name clearly describes the reason for the patch, or add a comment.

This raises two questions:
1. should we group both paragraphs together, before the admonition?
2. is the opening phrase slightly off, or is some other text missing?

> A good explanation _should_ at least include "what did it fix" and "how did it fix", for example "fix gcc14 build by adding missing includes". However, if the fix is directly reflected in the code and requires no further explanation, the "how" part _shall_ be omitted.

Reviewer 3: the last sentences kinda contradicts the previous two, tldr: "please explain except when it is self-explanatory". I would remove it or rephrase the previous one to make the "how" optional
